Buddha ordered
Ye Linghan received the decree
Ye Linghan
The king allows your claim
On Chen's wedding day
Host Daxia Yanwu
The king is holy and the king decrees
In the Daxia site
Use the name of Daxia
If anyone has an opinion
Great Xia Shangguo
Iron Blood World
Whoever disobeys
Although far away
Did you hear that?
Clear, get up
Oh wait wait wait
You keep kneeling
Ye Zongzheng is a mere village cave
Dare to take it for yourself to represent national prestige
Destroy the national discipline
Is there no punishment at all?
How to carry the weight
Yes, what kind of grandma and dog can commit the following crimes as long as they talk about the prestige of Daxia
Did you do anything wrong?
According to the laws of Great Xia
Dare to commit the following crimes and destroy the national platform reporter
At least three swords and six moves
To warn the world
Uphold the law of my great summer justice
Xia will be wise
Measured the least blood for this villager
Ye Liang is still my wife
Comb the hair for the Chen family
As his husband
All criminal laws
Is it for you?